We're doing some validation on the income request.
So now we need to start.
Think about the body of this request handler.
Remember, the entire goal of this request handler is to take in some information about a ticket that
the user is trying to purchase and then create an order record and save an order to our MongoDB database.
Any time we talk about saving information to our database, that always means that we need to create
a mongoose model.
Right now, our orders project does not have any models tied to it.
So before we can continue with building out this request handler, we have to create a mongoose model
to describe what in order is.
So in this video, we're going to talk a little bit more about exactly what an order is and how we're
going to model it inside of our database.
All right.
So back in this diagram over here, we were talking about the order service.
We said that this thing was going to have a collection of orders and every order would have a user ID
status expires at and it would also somehow reference a ticket as well.
So when we talk about saving orders to the database, well, inevitably, we also need to think about
how we're going to save tickets to the database and most importantly, how we are going to relate these
two things together.
And that's what I really want to discuss in this video.
How are we going to somehow relate in order to a ticket?
So we need to associate these two things together somehow.
We're going to have inside of our database, presumably in some fashion, a collection of different
tickets that are available to be purchased.
And once the user tries to create an order, we need to somehow mark that ticket as being reserved or
associated with a very particular order.
So when we start to discuss associating records together with MongoDB, there are two primary strategies
that we can use.
So we're going to take a look at the two primary strategies we can use to associate in order with a
ticket.
So option number one or strategy number one is referred to as embedding.
So with him in bed meant strategy we might have in order like this right here.
So this would be an order document we would have the user ID status expires that and then to somehow
associate in order with a ticket, we could embed the information about that ticket directly inside
the order itself.
So in other words, we would have a ticket property and that would be a plain object with some ID,
some price for the ticket and some title as well.
This would make it really easy to figure out what orders are concerned with, what tickets.
So we can very easily look up an order and say, Oh, right here on the ticket property.
This is the ticket that the user is attempting to purchase.
So this is one way that we can associate orders and tickets together.
But there are some definite big downsides to it for our particular application.
So here's or downside number one.
Whenever a user tries to make a request to create an order, we need to make sure that that ticket that
they're trying to order is not already reserved.
So if we start to embed these tickets inside of each order, making sure that a ticket is not already
reserved, it's going to start to get just a little bit challenging to query because we're going to
essentially have to take a look at all the different orders that have been created over time.
Take a look at the tickets embedded inside of each one.
Take a look at the ID and make sure that ID is not equal to the ID that is inside of this incoming request.
If an ID is already listed inside of an existing order, or if a ticket is already listed inside of
an existing order, that means the ticket would be in use.
So downside number one to option number one is that query to make sure that ticket is not in use, just
a little bit challenging.
But there is a way bigger downside, something that makes this embedding approach just about impossible
to implement for our particular application.
So remember, we're going to have our ticket service and it's going to eventually emit events like ticket
created and ticket updated.
These events will be received by the Order Service.
Now, every ticket that gets created is not going to be immediately assigned to an order.
There will be some point in time where someone creates a ticket to sell, and then it's just listed
on our website waiting for someone to purchase it.
So we need a way to essentially have tickets represented or inside of our order service without actually
associating them directly with an order.
In other words, there has to be a separate pool, a pool of records that say, here's a list of all
the tickets that no one has tried to purchase yet.
So this option number one strategy where we embed tickets inside of an order document really just not
feasible because we really cannot have some kind of standby pool of tickets that are awaiting to be
purchased.
So we are not going to be making use of embedding.
Instead, we're going to take a look at a different strategy.
So this is kind of general strategy.
Number two, we're associating records with MongoDB and Mongoose.
We're going to use a feature inside of Mongoose called the Ref or Population Feature.
So it's ref or population feature, however you want to refer to it.
We're going to have a collection of documents about orders and a collection of documents about tickets.
So a orders collection and a tickets collection.
Then inside of every order, they can optionally have a reference to a ticket.
So we will have some ticket property and this will essentially somehow be a reference over to a ticket
inside of our tickets collection.
So two separate collections.
This will make it really easy for us to query all the different tickets and figure out if a given ticket
is in use or not.
We can also very easily find all the different tickets that are still awaiting to be purchased and list
them out separately on the React side of our application as well.
So this is the strategy we're going to use.
We're going to use the ref or population feature.
Now, the reason I'm making such a real big deal around this stuff, you know, when we looked at this
diagram over here, it might have already been kind of obvious to you of.
Oh, yeah, okay.
Collection of orders, collection tickets.
And so this video might seem a little bit unnecessary.
The big reason I'm giving you this explanation is that later on, this relationship that we're setting
up for some features we're going to build in a little bit is actually going to become really, really,
really important.
And on top of that, setting up this relationship with Mongoose, where we have some ticket property
on the order document referring to a ticket.
There's actually a little trick or two that you need to be aware of around that as well.
So that's why we did this kind of extra video just to kind of clarify the relationship between the stuff.
So at the end of the day, the strategy that we're going to move forward with, we're going to have
a collection of orders, a collection of tickets.
We're going to relate the two together or associate the two together using this ref or population feature.
I'll show you how this feature works if you're not familiar with it.
Otherwise, you can always take a look at the Mongoose documentation and understand a little bit more
about how it works.
Okay, quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to start to write out an implementation for our order
document and then the ticket document right after that.
So quick pass.
I'll see you in just a minute.